feat(learn): migrate instructions from adnode boilerplate (#39791)
freeCodeCamp/freeCodeCamp: curriculum/challenges/english/06-quality-assurance/advanced-node-and-express/how-to-put-a-profile-together.md

---

## Description

<section id='description'>

Now that we can ensure the user accessing the `/profile` is authenticated, we can use the information contained in `req.user` on our page!

> Pass the object containing the variable `username` equaling `req.user.username` into the render method of the profile view. Then, go to your `profile.pug` view, and add the following line below the existing `h1` element, and at the same level of indentation:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Pass an object containing the property `username` and value of `req.user.username` as the second argument for the render method of the profile view. Then, go to your `profile.pug` view, and add the following line below the existing `h1` element, and at the same level of indentation:
```
